Add CONTRIBUTING.md for contribution guidelines (Hacktoberfest) (#608)
bieniu/nextdns: CONTRIBUTING.md

## 💡 Quick Start Checklist

To ensure your contribution is merged smoothly, please follow these steps:

1.  **Discuss First:** If you plan a large change or new feature, **please open an issue first** to discuss the idea with the maintainer.
2.  **Fork and Clone:** Fork the repository and clone your fork locally.
3.  **Create a New Branch:** Base your work on the `master` branch and create a new, descriptive branch (e.g., `feat/add-new-endpoint` or `fix/connection-bug`).

## 🛠️ Development Setup & Testing

### Environment and Style

We use **Ruff** for linting and code formatting (as seen in `pyproject.toml`). Please ensure your code meets the standard:

1.  **Format your code** before committing.
2.  Use clear, descriptive commit messages (e.g., `fix: Corrected error handling in connection.py`).

### Running Tests

Any code contribution (bug fix or new feature) **must** include working tests.

1.  Place new test files or logic inside the **`tests/`** directory.
2.  Ensure all existing and new tests pass before submitting your PR.

## 🤝 Submitting Your Pull Request (PR)

1.  Keep your PR focused on a single change.

> 2.  Write a clear, brief PR title (e.g., `feat: Add support for [New API Feature]`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Write a clear, brief PR title in the imperative mood (e.g., `Add support for [New API Feature]`).
```
